[horns blare]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[child]
Chico Bon Bon and the Ah-Choo Express.
[Clark] Guys! Hey, guys!
The coolest thing
in the world is happening today!
We're having banana nachos for dinner?
No, it's even better!
Look!
-[Western music playing]
-Hi there!
It's your old friend Conductor Clyde,
here to tell you
the Choo-Choo Express
is chugging in to your town today.
So come on down!
And like I always say...
♪ Chugga-chugga whoo whoo
Here comes the choo-choo ♪
♪ The Choo-Choo Express is on the run ♪
Next stop, Blunderburg Station!
I hope to see you today!
-Whoa!
-That train looks awesome!
It is!
The Choo-Choo Express
is powered by the sun!
Awesome.
[Clark] It can go faster
than Tool Force One.
No way!
[Clark] And best of all,
it's got an amazing whistle.
-Chugga-chugga.
-[all] Whoo whoo!
If we leave right now,
we can get to Blunderburg Station
just as the Choo-Choo Express is--
Ah... ah-choo!
Gesundheit.
Oh, excuse me. As I was saying,
if we leave now, we can--
Ah... ah-choo!
Ah-choo!
[Chico] Whoa!
Oh!
You okay, Clark?
I've never seen
sneeze-powered propulsion before.
Propul-- What now?
Propulsion.
When you blow air with enough force
in one direction, like your sneezes,
it pushes or propels you
in the other direction.
-Ah...
-Uh-oh, he's gonna blow!
Ah-choo!
Yay, propulsion.
-[alarm blaring]
-[Chico] The banana phone!
[action music playing]
-Chico Bon Bon. You've got a prob--
-Dr. Merv here.
Was that Clark I heard sneezing?
I'll be there as soon as possible.
Um, hi, Dr. Merv.
-Hi, Chico Bon Bon.
-[gasps]
Sorry I couldn't get here sooner.
Hi Clark, take this.
[sniffs] Ah-choo!
Gesundheit.
What's this all about, Doc?
Why's Clark sneezing so much?
Well, let's see.
Hmm. Say "ah."
Ah.
Now say "sweet potato pancakes."
Sweet potato pancakes.
It's just as I suspected.
You've got an elephant-sized case
of elephant sniffles.
Elephant sniffles!
Ah-choo!
Is there a cure, Doc?
Clark needs to rest up on this couch until
he gets every last one of his sneezes out.
-When will that be?
-Could be today, could be next week.
But when that last sneeze comes,
you'd better hang on to your hat,
'cause it's gonna be a doozy.
Uh...
Well, I'm off.
I wanna get a good spot
to see the Choo-Choo Express!
Whoo whoo!
Oh, here's a sticker.
Aw, peanuts. I'm going to miss
the Choo-Choo Express.
A once in a lifetime moment and I gotta
stay here with my elephant sniffle--
Ah-choo!
[sighs]
Poor Clark. Is there any way we can get
the train to pass by the lab?
I wish,
but trains always stay on their tracks,
and there aren't any tracks close enough
for us to get a good look.
Wait.
Dr. Merv said you have to stay
on the couch,
but she didn't say the couch
has to stay here!
Fix-It Force,
it's time to bring the couch to the train!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
-Clark!
-Ah-choo!
[kids] Tiny!
[action music playing]
Ah-choo!
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
Whoo-hoo! [laughing]
You feeling good, buddy?
A little sniffly, but okay.
-[train whistles]
-[gasps]
Chico, you hear that?
That's the Choo-Choo Express whistle.
Maybe you can see it from here.
Ah-choo!
[both] Clark!
Everyone's excitedly heading
to the Blunderburg Station
to see the Choo-Choo Express.
Choo!
Ah-choo!
[sighs]
Arr, red lights.
Ah-choo!
[pirate] Whoo-hoo!
Oh.
Oh, Clark, are you all right?
Fine.
We've gotta figure out some way
to get Clark to the train
without his sneezes
propelling him off the van.
What if the couch wasn't on the van?
Maybe we won't have to worry
about propulsion if we're...
in the air!
I can't look! Just let me know
when we get to Blunderburg Station!
I think you're gonna wanna
open your eyes for this.
Check out the view.
Is that the Choo-Choo Express?
It's almost here!
Wow! It's the most ama--
Ah... ah-choo!
Hang on! Mayday!
[pirate] Argh!
Let's not do that again.
Well, it looks like sneeze propulsion
works on land and in the air,
but maybe it won't work on water!
Chico, I'm pretty sure propulsion
works everywhere.
[sighs] As long as I keep sneezing,
I'll just keep blowing us off track.
Track! That's it!
You can't blow us off track
if we're on tracks.
We can turn the couch into a train!
Rainbow, I don't like that idea...
I love it!
Here's the plan:
we can engineer some special train wheels
for the bottom of the couch
and build some tracks
to Blunderburg Station.
That way even if Clark sneezes
we won't be blown off course because...
Trains always stay on their tracks!
Come on, Fix-It Force.
Let's get this couch-train on track.
-Chugga-chugga...
-[all] Whoo whoo!
[clicking]
The track is finished, Rainbow.
[whistle blows]
All aboard!
Next stop, Blunderburg Station!
Chugga-chugga whoo whoo!
Please keep your hands and arms
inside the couch-train and remember,
hang on to your caboose!
Pow pow meow!
[Chico and Clark] Whoa!
[Chico] The Choo-Choo Express
is just arriving at Blunderburg Station.
We're almost there!
Wait, why does it feel like
we're slowing down?
We're running out of glitter power!
Chico, what do we do?
The Choo-Choo Express
is gonna leave Blunderburg forever!
Then we better see it while we can.
Tiny, banana me.
[ding]
[Chico] Okay.
We've gotta get this couch moving.
We've tried driving, but Clark's sneeze
propelled him right through town.
We've tried flying, but Clark's sneeze
propelled the copter all over the place.
Every time we try something,
Clark's sneezes blew us away and--
Wait a minute.
-[ding]
-Sneezes!
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We can use sneeze propulsion
to get us moving again!
Yeah. If we point Clark's trunk this way
when he sneezes,
it'll blast us along the tracks
that way toward the train. It's perfect!
Go on, Clark! Sneeze away!
Uh, I can't just make myself sneeze.
They just sort of happen.
Oh, come on, Clark. You can do it!
Uh, think of sneezy stuff, like dust
and feathers tickling your nose
and, uh, did I already say dust?
Oh, this is a lot of pressure.
-[train whistles]
-[gasps]
The Choo-Choo Ex--  Ah... ah... ah--
-Oh, this sounds like a big one.
-Ah... ah... ah--
-Maybe it's the last one. The doozy.
-Aim his trunk and hang on tight!
Ah-choo!
[Chico and Rainbow] Whoa!
-[Chico] It worked!
-We made it!
[sniffs] And I feel great!
Sounds like you got
all your sneezes out, Clark.
You're cured!
Yay!
[Clark] Wow, the wheels,
the coupling rods, the smoke stack.
I can't believe I'm seeing this
with my own two eyes!
[whistle blows]
And hearing it too!
My, my! This train is incredible.
I know! The Choo-Choo Express
is the best train in the whole wide world!
Oh, not my train, friend. Your train!
[gasps] You're... You're...
Conductor Clyde, at your service.
And, uh, you are?
I... I... I...
That's Clark.
And all of us are the Fix-It Force.
I've never seen
a sneeze-propelled train before.
-What do you call her?
-We haven't really named it yet.
How about...
the Ah-Choo Express?
Yeah!
Say, I got a swell idea.
Why don't you attach your train
to my train and come along for a ride?
Really?
You betcha!
But I'm gonna need someone
to pull that train whistle for me.
-Chugga-chugga...
-[all] Whoo whoo!
The best friends ever
riding on the best train ever.
How could this day get any better?
How about a song?
[Western music playing]
♪ Chugga-chugga whoo whoo
Here comes the Choo-Choo ♪
♪ Riding right on through the town ♪
♪ Oh, clackety-clack
It won't come off the track ♪
♪ The Choo-Choo Express
Is comin' through ♪
♪ Oh, powered by the sun ♪
♪ Super fast and fun
Cruisin' right on down the track ♪
♪ Yeah, chugga-chugga whoo whoo
Here comes the Choo-Choo ♪
♪ The Choo-Choo Express is on the run ♪
[Clark] Where are we going?